band chairs. You either got to kneel,
squat, or stand. This will result in
healthier knees because they will
experience a more full range of motion
more often. And another consequence, the
ground is going to start to feel more
comfortable. Yes, even knees on the
dirt. It's the body will adapt and
overcome, but I'm not a jerk.
Wheelchairs and accessibility equipment,
those can stay. Now, here's two more
societal changes that I would make.
Number two, I would mandate that
everyone do 10 push-ups a day minimum.
If you can't do a single push-up yet,
yes, you can. Higher is easier, lower is
harder. And if that's too easy, remove a
hand. But not actually. This would
result in a significant decline in
depression. And I'm not talking about
the medical outliers that need
medication. I'm talking about the
glooies cuz you haven't done the zooies,
which is far more common. And lastly, we
would kill every last mosquito in the
world. And if you thought I was going to
say anything else, you should probably
read your Bible. Stay flexy.